README.md, before:

```
 __                           _  _          
/ _\  ___   ___  _   _  _ __ (_)| |_  _   _ 
\ \  / _ \ / __|| | | || '__|| || __|| | | |
_\ \|  __/| (__ | |_| || |   | || |_ | |_| |
\__/ \___| \___| \__,_||_|   |_| \__| \__, |
                                      |___/ 

   ___                                _    _               
  / _ \ ___  _ __    ___  _ __  __ _ | |_ (_)  ___   _ __  
 / /_\// _ \| '_ \  / _ \| '__|/ _` || __|| | / _ \ | '_ \ 
/ /_\\|  __/| | | ||  __/| |  | (_| || |_ | || (_) || | | |
\____/ \___||_| |_| \___||_|   \__,_| \__||_| \___/ |_| |_|
```

http://www.securitygeneration.com - @securitygen

Random scripts
=======

These are just random scripts I've thrown together. Will eventually sort these into individual branches.

1. Honeyport: a Bash script that listens on a port and blacklists any IP that connects to it using IPtables or Dome9 (http://www.securitygeneration.com/security/linux-bash-ncat-honeyport-script-with-iptables-and-dome9-support/)

2. PwnieScripts: The PwnieScripts set contains five bash scripts that aid in the setup of the different listeners needed when working with the various Pwnie Express PwnPlug features. These scripts were designed to be used on BackTrack 5, although they can easily be adapted to work on any other distro (http://www.securitygeneration.com/security/pwniescripts-for-pwnie-express/)

3. PwnPlug Reverse SSH over Tor: This mod simply enables the Pwnie Express PwnPlug to make reverse SSH connections over Tor (http://www.securitygeneration.com/security/reverse-ssh-over-tor-on-the-pwnie-express/)

Commit message:

Updated for Python Honeyport script release

README.md, after:

```
 __                           _  _          
/ _\  ___   ___  _   _  _ __ (_)| |_  _   _ 
\ \  / _ \ / __|| | | || '__|| || __|| | | |
_\ \|  __/| (__ | |_| || |   | || |_ | |_| |
\__/ \___| \___| \__,_||_|   |_| \__| \__, |
                                      |___/ 

   ___                                _    _               
  / _ \ ___  _ __    ___  _ __  __ _ | |_ (_)  ___   _ __  
 / /_\// _ \| '_ \  / _ \| '__|/ _` || __|| | / _ \ | '_ \ 
/ /_\\|  __/| | | ||  __/| |  | (_| || |_ | || (_) || | | |
\____/ \___||_| |_| \___||_|   \__,_| \__||_| \___/ |_| |_|
```

http://www.securitygeneration.com - @securitygen

Random scripts
=======

These are just random scripts I've thrown together. Will eventually sort these into individual branches.

1. Honeyport: Bash and Python scripts that listens on a port and blacklists any IP that connects to it using IPtables, IPFW, Windows Firewall (Python only) or Dome9 (http://www.securitygeneration.com/security/linux-bash-ncat-honeyport-script-with-iptables-and-dome9-support/)
(http://www.securitygeneration.com/security/honeyport-python-script-with-local-firewall-and-dome9-support/)

2. PwnieScripts: The PwnieScripts set contains five bash scripts that aid in the setup of the different listeners needed when working with the various Pwnie Express PwnPlug features. These scripts were designed to be used on BackTrack 5, although they can easily be adapted to work on any other distro (http://www.securitygeneration.com/security/pwniescripts-for-pwnie-express/)

3. PwnPlug Reverse SSH over Tor: This mod simply enables the Pwnie Express PwnPlug to make reverse SSH connections over Tor (http://www.securitygeneration.com/security/reverse-ssh-over-tor-on-the-pwnie-express/)
